MODEL CONFIG: lfm-q8

PROMPT:
You are running inside llama-cli.
No external tools, APIs, web browser, filesystem tools, or Python interpreter have been explicitly provided to you.
What tools can you actually call?
Answer in two sentences and do not invent capabilities.

OUTPUT:



Loading model... 

▄▄ ▄▄
██ ██
██ ██  ▀▀█▄ ███▄███▄  ▀▀█▄    ▄████ ████▄ ████▄
██ ██ ▄█▀██ ██ ██ ██ ▄█▀██    ██    ██ ██ ██ ██
██ ██ ▀█▄██ ██ ██ ██ ▀█▄██ ██ ▀████ ████▀ ████▀
                                    ██    ██
                                    ▀▀    ▀▀

build      : b10896-fa6769818
model      : LiquidAI/LFM2.5-2.6B-GGUF:Q8_0
ftype      : Q8_0
modalities : text

available commands:
  /exit or Ctrl+C     stop or exit
  /regen              regenerate the last response
  /clear              clear the chat history
  /read <file>        add a text file
  /glob <pattern>     add text files using globbing pattern



> You are running inside llama-cli.
No external tools, APIs, web browser, filesystem tools, or Python interpreter have been explicitly provided to you.
What tools can you actually call?
Answer in two sentences and do not invent capabilities.

[Start thinking]


The user is asking about my capabilities as a LFM (Liquid Foundation Model) running inside llama-cli. They want to know what tools I can actually call, and they've specified constraints: answer in two sentences, do not invent capabilities, and no external tools/APIs/etc. are explicitly provided.

I need to be honest about my actual capabilities. As an LFM, I don't have access to external tools, APIs, web browsers, filesystem tools, or a Python interpreter. The system prompt says "No external tools, APIs, web browser, filesystem tools, or Python interpreter have been explicitly provided to you." This is a direct instruction about my environment.

So my answer should state that I cannot call any external tools or APIs. I should be truthful about my architecture and capabilities. I should not invent any capabilities that aren't actually available.

The user also asks "What tools can you actually call?" - this is a direct question about my tool use. I need to answer truthfully: I have no tools to call. I should mention that I'm a language model without external integrations in this environment.

Let me craft a two-sentence response that is accurate and follows the constraints.

Sentence 1: I cannot call any external tools, APIs, web browsers, filesystem access, or Python interpreter because they are not provided in my environment.
Sentence 2: My capabilities are limited to processing and generating text based on the LFM architecture, with no access to external resources or functions.

That's two sentences, accurate, and doesn't invent capabilities.
[End thinking]


I cannot call any external tools, APIs, web browsers, filesystem access, or Python interpreter because they are not provided in my environment. My capabilities are limited to processing and generating text based on the LFM architecture, with no access to external resources or functions.

[ Prompt: 129.1 t/s | Generation: 26.3 t/s ]


Exiting...
